README.md, before:

# alastair
The Alastair Cooking App is a tool that can help you to organize the food for events. Through a consistent database and an easy to use frontend, you will never have to struggle with food cost estimations and no ideas about the shopping list again!

# Installation
To install it, you will need python-django and python-django-crispy-forms. It should run both with python 2 and 3, no guarantee though. Also, you will need to install a mysql-server.

To install, at first modify alastair_cookie/settings.py to fit your needs. You will need to set another database, dbuser and dbpassword, and maybe you may disable debug mode (Yeah, I know, I forgot to remove the password from the settings.py, but don't worry, I changed mine ^^)

Then you should be able to run the command
```
python manage.py syncdb
```

This should create some database tables in the db and ask you to set up a superuser for the system. After this is done, import the create_views.sql into your Database (do this through phpmyadmin, the command line mysql client or whatever you prefer)

Then you should be able to run
```
python manage.py runserver
```

This starts the server, you can also pass a port and an IP where it will listen to
```
python manage.py runserver 0.0.0.0:8080
```

And you are done, you should have a working copy of alastair. You can reach the admin panel over localhost:8000/admin

Commit message:

Removed settings.py from version control

README.md, after:

# alastair
The Alastair Cooking App is a tool that can help you to organize the food for events. Through a consistent database and an easy to use frontend, you will never have to struggle with food cost estimations and no ideas about the shopping list again!

# Installation
To install it, you will need python-django and python-django-crispy-forms. Check your distributions packet manager on how to install them. Alternatively you can just run
```
pip install django
pip install django-crispy-forms
```

Alastair should run both with python 2 and 3, no guarantee though. Also, you will need to install a mysql-server.

As Python modules, you will need to install mysqlclient:
```
pip install msqlclient
```

# Running

To run it, at first modify alastair_cookie/settings.py to fit your needs. You will need to set another database, dbuser and dbpassword, and maybe you may disable debug mode. Also you should change the secret key, if you want to run it in production mode.

Then you should be able to run the command
```
python manage.py syncdb
```

This should create some database tables in the db and ask you to set up a superuser for the system. After this is done, import the create_views.sql into your Database (do this through phpmyadmin, the command line mysql client or whatever you prefer)

Then you should be able to run
```
python manage.py runserver
```

This starts the server, you can also pass a port and an IP where it will listen to
```
python manage.py runserver 0.0.0.0:8080
```

And you are done, you should have a working copy of alastair at localhost:8000. You can reach the admin panel over localhost:8000/admin
